---
layout: project
title: Financial Application Database System (FADS) for Living Sanctuary Brethren Church
description: Database Management System Designed for Living Sanctuary Brethren Church
category: project
---
The FADS was designed to be a web-based solution that could allow Bethesda CARE
to search, manage and edit the records of FA Applicants and Recipients. Additionally, the system had to enable administrators to manage user entities and permissions, and to generate reports on disbursement data.

In order to design the database that fulfilled business functionality while minimizing data redundancies, a slew of design methods were adopted. The team began with a **Data Flow Diagram** of the business process, followed by developing **Use Case Narratives** with **Cross-Functional Flow Charts** for the system. These use cases were checked and affirmed by the client representative periodically as well. Data relationships were established by designing an **Enhanced ERD Model**. Data redundancies were eliminated by normalization through a **Relational Model**. The team additionally created a **Data Dictionary **to standardize data representations.

The finalized client product was developed using **PHP** and **MySQL**, and deployed via Wampserver. It is Windows compatible and accessible only through Bethesda CARE’s intranet server. Capacity requirements were minimal, under 100MB of storage required.

For details, You can visit the [Github repository](https://github.com/Zhou-Ao/FADS/).
